Add round 1 of notes for ASN reader/writer (#113)
dotnet/apireviews: 2020/03-10-asnreader-writer/README.md

# ASN.1 BER/CER/DER Reader & Writer

**In Progress** |
[Spec](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/pull/93) |
[Video](https://youtu.be/PtiTXxroJT4)

## Round 1

* We're reading data that is encoded in that format, as opposed to the
  description language itself. In XML speak, we're building an
  `XmlReader`/`XmlWriter` as opposed to `XmlSchema`.

> * Why only a `ref struct` reader? Because `ref struct` writers are error prone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Why a `ref struct` reader but no `ref struct` writer? Because `ref struct` writers are error prone
```

The only is ambiguous; the flagship reader is a class :smile:

  to use, see JSON writer

> * `Asn1Tag` looks good as proposed

Reviewer: Didn't @GrabYourPitchforks want HasSameClassAndValue to change from instance to static? (and no one else had an opinion?)

Author: Did he? I can add that.

Reviewer 2: Eh, it's just a weak preference. IMO when _left_ and _right_ are swappable that seems like a better candidate for a static method than an instance method.

Author: OK, so let's as is then

* `TagClass` should extend `int`
* `UniversalTagNumber` looks good as proposed
* `AsnEncodingRules` looks good as proposed
* `AsnWriter`
  * Should we make it non-disposable? We can make it disposable before we
      ship.
  * Should the ctor also take an initial capacity?
  * `GetEncodedLength()` should throw `InvalidOperationException`, rather than
      returning `-1`
  * `ValueEquals()` should be `EncodedValueEquals()`
* What namespace should this go in?

>   * `System.Protocols.Asn1`?

Reviewer 3: There's already `System.Text`, how about `System.Binary.Asn1`? Personally I am not big fan of "Protocols" since I think of it more as a "data format" which is used by "protocol"(s).

  * `System.Protocols` would be the home for protocols that aren't important

>     enough to be promoted elsewhere (such as  XML, JSON, HTTP).

Reviewer 4: It's an encoding though, so shouldn't it go under System.Encoding?

Reviewer: There's not a `System.Encoding`.  There's `System.Text.Encoding`; but that's a class for string<->byte.
